On the 6th, the Seoul Central District Court sentenced Audi Volkswagen Korea (AVK) corporation and former executives and employees who were charged with violating the Air Conservation Act on the 6th to a fine of 26 billion won, imprisonment for one to two years, and probation. It is suspected of operating an exhaust gas reduction device and ordering 120,000 diesel vehicles that emit nitrogen oxides (NOx) exceeding the standard, and selling a considerable amount of them. It is unfortunate that the fines and sentences are light compared to the crimes committed. Former President Park Mo and others, who were sentenced to imprisonment, escaped legal custody, and the sentence was postponed for former general manager Johannes Tamer, who fled to Germany. AVK's actions are heavy in that they are environmental crimes by intentional manipulation. Nitrogen oxides emitted by diesel vehicles are fatal to the human body. It exhales nitrogen monoxide, a first-class carcinogen that causes lung cancer. In Korea, nitrogen oxides are managed by the European emission standard (euro). For passenger cars, Euro 5 (0.18g/km) was applied until September 2015, and Euro 6 (0.08g/km) was applied thereafter. However, it is said that AVK emission-operated vehicles have almost 10 times more nitrogen oxide emissions than the Euro 5 standard when driving. It is not an exaggeration to say that he committed a gas terror against the Korean people. Moreover, AVK hid it even though it knew it. The judiciary pointed out that Park, etc., did not comply with the relevant laws even though they fully recognized the related laws. The exhaust gas reduction device was operated at a level that normally operates during inspection and does not burden the vehicle during actual driving. If the reduction device operates normally while driving, it is to prevent the deterioration of performance such as fuel economy and output, but in the end, he closed his eyes on air pollution in order to make money. The defendants focused only on maximizing their profits, the judge criticized. The government's responsibility is also not small. Diesel vehicles account for 42% of the 24 million registered vehicles, but it was only two years ago that the emission control system, including small cars, took effect. The punishment regulations for environmental violations are loose, and certification inspections have been mainly conducted in writing. Teenage environmentalist Greta Thunberg said in a speech to the United Nations last year that you, who are at the beginning of the mass extinction, only tell you fairy tales of money and eternal economic growth. I said. After the court ruling, the government and businesses will have to look back on whether they are a demon blinded by global pollution.
