The Seoul Central District Court on the 6th sentenced Audi Volkswagen Korea (AVK) corporation and former executives and employees accused of violating the Air Quality Conservation Act to 26 billion won in fines, one to two years in prison and a suspended sentence, respectively. He is suspected of operating emission reduction devices and importing 120,000 diesel cars that emit nitrogen oxides (NOx) that exceed the standard level and selling a considerable amount of them. It is regrettable that the size and sentence of the fine are lighter than the crime committed. Former president Park, who was sentenced to prison, escaped court custody, and former president Johannes Thammer, who fled to Germany, was postponed his sentence. AVK's actions are heavy in that they are environmental crimes caused by intentional manipulation. Nitrogen oxides emitted by diesel cars are fatal to the human body. It emits nitrogen monoxide, a first-class carcinogen that causes lung cancer. Korea manages nitrogen oxides based on the European emission allowance (euro). For passenger cars, Euro 5 (0.18g/km) has been applied before September 2015 and Euro 6 (0.08g/km) since then. However, AVK emission control vehicles had nearly 10 times higher nitrogen oxide emissions than the Euro 5 standard when driving. It is no exaggeration to say that he committed 'gas terror' against the Korean people. Furthermore, AVK knew this and hid it. The justice department pointed out that former president Park and others were not fully aware of the relevant laws and regulations and did not comply. The emission reduction device is operated to a level that normally operates during inspection and does not burden the vehicle when driving. If the reduction device operates normally when driving, it is intended to prevent poor performance such as fuel economy and power, but it is eventually blinded by air pollution to make money. The court also accused the defendants of focusing only on maximizing profits. The government's responsibility is also not small. Although diesel cars account for 42% of registered vehicles with 24 million vehicles, it was only two years ago that the emission management system, including small cars, was implemented in earnest. The environmental violation punishment regulations are very loose, and certification tests have been conducted mainly in writing. You're at the beginning of mass extinction, you're talking about money and eternal economic growth, Greta Tunberry, a teenage environmentalist, said in a speech to the United Nations last year. If you don't understand this, you're like a devil. With the court ruling, the government and companies should look back on whether they are demons who are blinded by global pollution.
