On February 6, the Seoul Central District Court sentenced a fine of 26 billion won to Audi Volkswagen Korea and 1-2 years in prison and a stay of execution for former executives at the company for violating the Clean Air Conservation Act. They were charged with importing 120,000 diesel vehicles with manipulated exhaust reduction systems, which released levels of NOx that exceeded standards and selling most of the imported cars. We find the amount of the fine and the severity of the punishment light when compared to the crime committed. Former president Park, who received a prison sentence was not detained during the trial, and the sentencing of Johannes Thammer, the former managing director who fled to Germany, was postponed. The actions of Audi Volkswagen Korea were a serious crime for it was an intentional manipulation that inflicted harm on the environment. The NOx released by diesel vehicles are deadly to the human body. They include nitrogen monoxide, a group-1 carcinogen known to cause lung cancer. South Korea manages NOx levels according to the European standards for vehicle exhaust. In the case of passenger vehicles, the standard was Euro5 (0.18g/km) and Euro6 (0.08g/km) before and after September 2018, respectively. But when driven, the Audi Volkswagen vehicles with manipulated exhaust controls released NOx at levels nearly ten times that of Euro5. It would not be an exaggeration to say that the automaker carried out an act of gas terrorism against the South Korean people. What’s more, Audi Volkswagen Korea was aware of this fact, but chose to conceal it. The judges pointed out that former president Park and the executives were fully aware of relevant legislation, but did not abide by the law. The exhaust reduction controls worked normally during the inspection, but the company manipulated the controls so that they would not burden the vehicle during actual driving. They tried to maintain the performance of the vehicle, such as mileage and power, which fell when the exhaust controls worked normally during driving. In the end, the company turned a blind eye to air pollution to make more money. The court also criticized, The defendants only concentrated on maximizing profits. The government’s responsibility was not light, either. The number of diesel vehicles in this country reached 24 million--42% of all registered cars--but the government only implemented a policy to manage the exhaust of vehicles including compact cars just two years ago. The regulations on the punishment for environmental regulation violations are as loose as can be, and certification inspections are mostly conducted in writing. Greta Thunberg, a teen environmental activist spoke before the United Nations last year and said, We are in the beginning of a mass extinction, and all you can talk about is money and fairy tales of eternal economic growth, and added, If you really understood the situation and still kept on failing to act, then you would be evil. The government and Audi Volkswagen Korea should take this opportunity and look back on themselves and see if they were not “evil” with their eyes closed to the pollution of the Earth.
