In the summer stage of the music industry, girl groups have usually fought a great battle. This is because girl groups armed with cool exposed clothes and fresh and lively music are consumed by the public as representative cultural products that will blow away the heat. Relatively low-profile groups and rookie teams often use the summer stage as a way. This year, competition among girl groups is expected ahead of the hot season. The difference from previous years is that even top-tier girl groups with strong fandom will participate. Sistar (photo), Apink, Girl's Day, AOA, Nine Muses, and Mamamoo will be on stage, led by Girls' Generation. We've summarized the points of appreciation to make their comeback and activities more fun. Girls' Generation's first summer comeback in six years In June 2009, the song they were singing on stage in a white sailor suit while performing a jegichagi dance was Tell Me Your Wish. The cheerful Eurodance style was an unprecedented hit with the members' cool legs. Following the previous announcement of G, Girls' Generation hit consecutive at-bats and took the position of the best girl group. None of the Girls' Generation songs released since then have resonated this much. They have changed their strategy of releasing new songs in the beginning of the year or the fall, and will challenge the summer stage for the first time in six years. In addition, it is the first stage to be performed as an eight-man system since Jessica left the company. What kind of synergy do they create with music and fashion? SISTAR is the best music player in the world. Their new songs released every summer since 2011 have topped the charts every time. From So Cool to Love You (2012), Give It To Me (2013) and Touch My Body (2014), there has never been a failure. This is why attention is focused on SISTAR's new song that will be released on the 22nd. It is also interesting to see Big Bang, who has been at the top of the charts for two months. How will entertainment and individual activities work? The girl groups that have risen rapidly in recent years are Apink, Girl's Day, and AOA. It was effective to put on a differentiated concept amid the flood of girl groups. In addition, individual members' activities contributed to the team's increased awareness. If Apink settled earlier due to Jung Eun-ji's performance, Girl's Day and AOA seem to follow. Girls' Day's Hyeri (real man), Sojin (King of Mask Singer), Yura (we're married), AOA's Jimin (Unpretty Rapstar), Choa (My Little Television), and Seolhyun (Orange Mamalade) are considered to be members of the girl group who have shown outstanding performances in the past year. Girl's Day and Apink will release their new songs next month.