In the summer stage of the music industry, girl groups have usually been fighting. This is because a girl group armed with cool exposed clothing and music with a fresh and lively concept is consumed by the public as a representative cultural product to blow off the heat. Groups and rookie teams with relatively low recognition often use the summer stage as an active path. Competition for girl groups is predicted this year, ahead of the full-fledged heat season. What's different from previous years is that they even go out to top-notch girl groups with a solid fandom. Starting with Girls' Generation, Sistar (photo), A Pink, Girl's Day, AOA, Nine Muses, and Mamamoo will be on the stage. Here's a summary of the points to enjoy their comeback and activities in a more fun way. Girls' Generation's Summer Comeback in 6 Years In June 2009, they stood on the stage in white sailor uniforms and performed Jegi-kicki dance and the song they sang was Tell Me Your Wish. This cheerful Eurodance-style song recorded an unprecedented hit with the cool legs of the members. After hitting a home run in the batters following the previously announced ‘지’, Girls’ Generation sat in the seat of the best girl group. None of the songs from Girls' Generation that have been released since then have resonated like this. They change their strategy of releasing new songs in the beginning of the year or autumn, and challenge the summer stage in six years. In addition, it is the first stage to be presented as an eight-person system after Jessica withdrawal. What kind of synergy will the music and fashion they will show? SISTAR, will it continue to be unbeaten in the summer? SISTAR is the best sound source powerhouse that is self-proclaimed. Every summer since 2011, their new songs have topped the charts every time. From'So Cool' to'Loving You' (2012),'Give It To Me' (2013), and'Touch My Body' (2014), there has never been a failure. This is why SISTAR's new song to be released on the 22nd is drawing attention. The confrontation with Big Bang, which has been on the top of the chart for the second month, is also interesting. What will the effect of entertainment and personal activities? The girl groups that have emerged rapidly in recent years are Apink, Girl's Day, and AOA. It was effective to put up a differentiated concept amid the flood of girl groups. In addition, the individual members' activities have contributed to the rise of the team's awareness. If Apink has settled earlier with Jung Eun-ji's performance, then Girl's Day and AOA will follow. Girl's Day's Hye-ri (real man), So-jin (the masked singer), Yura (we got married), AOA's Jimin (Unpretty Rapstar), Choa (My Little Television), and Seolhyun (Orange Marmalade) have been around for a year. He is counted as a member of the girl group who showed outstanding performance. AOA will release a new song next month on the 22nd, and Girl's Day and Apink.