The summer stage in the Korean music industry is usually dominated by girl groups. The girl groups armed with fresh and bubbly music and cool costumes bearing a lot of skin are consumed by the public as typical cultural products to blast away the heat. Also bands that are relatively less popular and debuting bands mostly target the summer stage to promote themselves. This year, a battle of girl groups has been announced ahead of the summer heat. However, unlike previous years, this year, top girl groups with a solid fan base will be clashing head on. Girls' Generation will take to the stage followed by Sistar (photo), A-Pink, Girl's Day, AOA, Nine Muses, Mamamoo, etc. We give you some pointers on what to look forward to to more fully enjoy the comeback stages and activities of these groups. The first summer comeback in six years for the Girls' Generation: In June 2009, the song that these girls sang on stage in white sailor suits while dancing like they were kicking jegi was Tell Me Your Wish. It was an upbeat euro dance number which went on to become a mega hit along with the slim figures of the girls. The song was a consecutive home run following Gee released earlier and it secured the top position among girl groups for the Girls' Generation. No other song released by the Girls' Generation afterwards had as powerful an impact as this song. The Girls' Generation usually released their new singles at the start of the year or in the fall, but this time they have changed strategies and are taking the summer stage for the first time in six years. What's more, it is the first stage with only eight members since Jessica left the group. What kind of synergy will their music and fashion create this time Sistar: Will they continue their invincible streak in the summer? Sistar is recognized as a top star in online music sharing and downloads. The songs they have released every summer since 2011 have all topped the music charts. Starting with So Cool, followed by Loving U (2012), Give It To Me (2013), and Touch My Body (2014), not a single song has flopped. This is why all eyes and ears are on the new number by Sistar which will be released on June 22. A competition with Big Bang, dominating the charts for the second month, is also a topic of interest. Solo acts and appearances in variety shows: what kind of effect will they have? A-Pink, Girl's Day, and AOA are girl groups that have become popular in recent years. They succeeded in coming up with a concept different from the existing flood of girl groups. In addition, the solo activities of the members also contributed to the popularity of the group as a whole. A-Pink was able to secure their fans earlier due to the works of Jung Eun-ji, and they were followed by Girl's Day and AOA. Girl's Day's Hye-ri in the TV show, The Real Men, So-jin in Mystery Music Show: Mask King, and Yu-ra in Just Married and AOA's Ji-min in Unpretty Rap Star, Cho-a in My Little Television, and Seol-hyun in Orange Marmalade have attracted the spotlight this past year. AOA will release their new single on June 22 and Girl's Day and A-Pink are scheduled to release their new singles next month.

