North “No participation in the Tokyo Olympics to fight coronavirus”… Braking the government's “Resume the Peace Process” initiative

North Korea has announced that it will not participate in the Tokyo Olympics, which will open in July due to the prevention of Corona 19. With North Korea's declaration of absence, the Moon Jae-in administration's plan to use the Olympics as an opportunity to resume the “peace process on the Korean Peninsula” was virtually destroyed. 'The North Korean Olympic Committee decided not to participate in the 32nd Olympic Games in order to protect athletes from the global health crisis caused by a virulent virus infection at the general meeting,' the homepage of 'Chosun Sports' run by the North Korean Ministry of Sports said on the 6th. Said. The general meeting was held on the 25th of last month, which is also the day North Korea launched a ballistic missile. North Korea's absence from the Summer Olympics has been 33 years since the 1988 Seoul Olympics. Since the beginning of the spread of Corona 19 in February of last year, North Korea has been focusing its efforts on blocking the virus by completely blocking its borders. It seems that North Korea, with a poor medical system, has decided not to attend to prevent the influx of the virus through Olympic athletes. Due to North Korea's decision to abstain from the Tokyo Olympics, it is predicted that it will not be easy to make a breakthrough in inter-Korean relations during the term of President Moon. President Moon said in his remarks on the 3rd and 1st verses last month, 'The Tokyo Olympics can be an opportunity for dialogue between Korea and Japan, between South and North Korea, between North Korea and Japan, and between North Korea and the United States.' An official from the Ministry of Unification said, 'We have hoped that this Olympics will serve as an opportunity to advance peace on the Korean Peninsula and reconciliation and cooperation between the two Koreas, but we are regretful that this was not possible due to the Corona 19 situation.' He expressed regret that the government's initiative to turn the situation on the Korean peninsula into a dialogue phase with the Tokyo Olympics as an opportunity was put on hold. The expectations of the Japanese government to make the Tokyo Olympics a '2nd PyeongChang Winter Olympics' were also disrupted. Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga said, 'If it helps to resolve the kidnapping problem, it is my job to solve the problem,' said Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihide Kim, who visited Japan during the Tokyo Olympics. I left it open. For this reason, some analyzes say that North Korea's absence is a political decision that reflects the deteriorating relationship between North Korea and Japan. However, there is an opinion that it remains to be seen whether the decision to abstain from the Olympics, which was disclosed on the website of the Ministry of Sports, was the final decision of Chairman Kim Jong-un. The government noted that there were no reports of the absence of participation in the Olympics in North Korean state media such as the Chosun Central News Agency, and it was reported that further analysis was needed as to whether the North Korean announcement was based on a decision at the top level. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) said, 'We have not received any official application from the North Korean Olympic Committee for the absence of the Tokyo Olympics.'
