North Korea Will Skip the Tokyo Olympics to Prevent COVID-19, Pulling the Brakes on the Government’s Plan to Resume “Process for Peace”
By Park Eun-kyung

North Korea announced that it would not participate in the Tokyo Olympic Games in July due to COVID-19. The latest announcement practically put a stop to the Moon Jae-in government’s plan to use the upcoming Olympics as an opportunity to resume the process for peace on the Korean Peninsula. According to Sports in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea--a website run by North Korea’s sports ministry--on April 6, North Korea’s Olympic Committee held a general meeting and decided not to take part in the 32nd Olympic Games in order to protect our athletes from the global health crisis caused by the malicious virus infection. The meeting was held on March 25, which was also the day North Korea launched a ballistic missile. This is the first time that North Korea will skip the Summer Olympics since it took part in the 1988 Seoul Olympics 33 years ago. North Korea closed off its borders and focused on blocking the novel coronavirus since the early days of the COVID-19 outbreak last February. It appears the North, which has a poor medical system, decided to bow out of the Olympics to prevent the virus from entering the country through its athletes. North Korea’s decision to skip the Tokyo Olympics will make it harder for President Moon to find a breakthrough in inter-Korean relations during his remaining term in office. In his speech during a ceremony commemorating the March 1 Independence Movement last month, President Moon said, 'The Tokyo Olympics can be an opportunity for dialogue between South Korea and Japan, between the two Koreas, between North Korea and Japan, and between North Korea and the United States.' An official from the Ministry of Unification said, 'We had hoped the upcoming Olympics to provide an opportunity for progress in peace on the Korean Peninsula and in reconciliation and cooperation between the two Koreas, but we are sorry that things cannot proceed as expected due to COVID-19.' He expressed regrets on the latest decision, which pulled the brakes on the government’s plan to take advantage of the Tokyo Olympics for dialogue on the Korean Peninsula. The announcement also disrupted the Japanese government’s expectations to make the Tokyo Olympics into another successful 'Pyeongchang Olympics.' Last month, when North Korea launched the ballistic missile, Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga said that if Kim Yo-jong, a vice director of the Workers’ Party of Korea, visited Japan during the Tokyo Olympics, 'If it helps resolve the issue of kidnappings, It is my job to resolve it' and left the door open for dialogue. This is why some experts claim that North Korea’s decision to skip the Olympics was a political decision reflecting the deteriorating relationship between North Korea and Japan. However, some suggest that we should wait and see if the decision to bow out of the Olympics released on the sports ministry website is the final decision by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. The government observed that the decision was not covered by North Korean state media, such as the Korea Central News Agency, and believed there was a need for further investigation to see if the latest announcement was based on a decision at the highest level. The International Olympic Committee said that it did not receive any official application from the North Korean Olympic Committee about the decision not to take part in the Tokyo Olympics
