North Korea to boycott Tokyo Olympics to quarantine Corona…Brushing the Government's 'Resumption

North Korea has announced that it will not participate in the Tokyo Olympics, which will open in July, citing the coronavirus outbreak. Moon Jae-in going to use the occasion of the Government's resumption of ‘The Korean Peninsula ¬ Peace Process’ these Olympics with a North Korean boycott of what we could actually was. 'The North Korean Olympic Committee has decided not to participate in the 32nd Olympic Games to protect athletes from the global health crisis caused by the virus,' said the North's sports ministry's website on the 6th. The general meeting was held on the 25th of last month when North Korea launched a ballistic missile. It is the first time in 33 years that North Korea has not participated in the Summer Olympics since the 1988 Seoul Olympics. Since the beginning of the Korona 19 spread in February last year, North Korea has been focusing its efforts on blocking the virus by blocking the border altogether. North Korea, which has a poor medical system, seems to have decided not to participate in the event to prevent the virus from entering the Olympics. Some predict that it will not be easy to make a breakthrough in inter-Korean relations during President Moon's term due to North Korea's decision to boycott the Tokyo Olympics. President Moon also said in his March 1 Independence Movement speech last month, 'The Tokyo Olympics can be an opportunity for dialogue between South Korea and Japan, between the two Koreas, between North Korea and the U.S.' An official from the Ministry of Unification said, 'I have hoped that this Olympics would be an opportunity to advance peace on the Korean Peninsula and reconciliation and cooperation between the two Koreas, but I am sorry that I could not do so due to the Korona 19 situation.' He expressed regret that the government's plan to turn the situation on the Korean Peninsula into a dialogue phase in the wake of the Tokyo Olympics was put on hold. The Japanese government's expectation to make the Tokyo Olympics a 'second Pyeongchang Winter Olympics' has also been disrupted. Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga left open the possibility of dialogue when North Korea's ballistic missile launch last month, saying, 'If it helps solve the kidnapping problem, it is my job to solve it." For this reason, some analysts say that North Korea's absence is a political decision reflecting the worsening relationship between North Korea and Japan. However, there is a view that it remains to be seen whether Kim Jong-un's decision to boycott the Olympics, which was released on the website of the Ministry of Sports, is the final decision. The South Korean government reportedly believes that further analysis is needed on whether the North's announcement was based on the highest level of decision, noting that there are no reports of North Korea's participation in the Olympics. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) said, 'We have not received any official application from the North Korean Olympic Committee for the absence of the Tokyo Olympics.'
