With the people's power dominating the entire Gangnam and North regions in the April 7 Seoul mayoral by-election, a "mole vote" of 80 to 90 percent in Gangnam was poured into the people's power. It is interpreted that real estate tax issues have acted sensitively. However, Park Young-sun of the Democratic Party of Korea won only five out of 425 districts in Seoul in this election, which is interpreted as a strong theory of regime judgment, regardless of whether Gangnam or North Korea is distinguished. According to the final vote percentage of the Seoul mayoral election, which was finalized by the National Election Commission on the 8th, Mayor Oh won a majority of the votes in 375 out of 425 districts in Seoul. The number of votes cast in Gangnam has also intensified. Gangnam, Seocho, and Songpa-gu were the top three autonomous districts where Mayor Oh received the most votes. Mayor Oh won 73.54 percent of the vote in Gangnam-gu, more than three times Park's 24.32 percent. In Gangnam-gu, the opposition party's approval rating was also high in areas where the burden of reconstruction and redevelopment of apartments or the increase in official land prices has emerged as an issue. In Apgujeong-dong, Daechi 1-dong, Dogok 2-dong, and Banpo 2-dong, Oh won the top 80 percent of the vote. Mayor Oh received 93.8 percent of the vote at the first polling station in Apgujeong-dong, where many residents of Apgujeong Hyundai Apartment participated. On the other hand, the power of the people in Nonhyeon 1-dong and Yeoksam 1-dong, which are located in Gangnam-gu but have many young people such as villas and studio apartments, recorded 60 percent. Analysts say that public sentiment under the regulation of high-priced apartments may have led the phenomenon of voting. The people's power attacked the ruling party's real estate regulations during the election process and emphasized rapid redevelopment and reconstruction. Some point out that the preference for conservative parties in expensive apartment areas is not unique to this election, as it also appeared in the last general election, in which the ruling party won a huge victory. The opposition party's great victory should be attributed to complaints about real estate policies and the gathering of middle and conservatives based on the theory of regime judgment. Park narrowly beat Oh in only five out of 425 districts in Seoul (Seongsan 1-dong, Gangseo-gu, Hwagok 8-dong, Guro-gu, Hang-dong, Guro-gu, and Changshin 2-dong, Jongno-gu). Cho Jin-man, a professor at Duksung Women's University, said, The three districts in Gangnam are conservative and strongly reflect the interests of taxes. Since last year's general elections, many middle and independent people have come to the polls. Some interpreted that the ruling party's attitude, which drove the Gangnam area as real estate deep-rooted evil, also affected the background of public sentiment in the Gangnam area. Hong Hyung-sik, director of Hangil Research, said, If speculation is a problem, we can catch and solve speculators, but we are angry regardless of progressive and conservative because we used the mechanism to blame Gangnam people.