In the 4/7 Seoul Mayor's by-election, the people's power prevailed over all areas in Gangnam and North Korea. It can be interpreted that the real estate tax issue was sensitive. However, only five of the 425 dongs in Seoul won the Democratic Party candidate Park Young-seon in this election, and it is interpreted that the theory of regime judgment was strongly influenced regardless of the distinction between Gangnam and North Korea. Looking at the final votes of the Seoul Mayor's election, which was compiled by the Central Election Commission on the 8th, it was found that Mayor Oh won a majority of the votes in 375 dongs out of 425 dongs in Seoul. The Gangnam Mall Pyo phenomenon has also intensified. Gangnam, Seocho, and Songpa-gu were the top three autonomous districts with the most votes by Mayor Oh. In Gangnam-gu, Mayor Oh's vote was 73.54%, more than three times that of Candidate Park (24.32%). Even within Gangnam-gu, the opposition party's approval rate was high in areas where apartment reconstruction and redevelopment or the detailed wall due to the increase in publicly announced land prices have emerged as a pending issue. In Apgujeong-dong, Daechi 1-dong, Dogok 2-dong, Banpo 2-dong, etc., Mayor Oh ranked the top with 80% of the votes. In the case of Apgujeong-dong No. 1 polling place, where a large number of Apgujeong Hyundai Apartment residents participated, Mayor Oh's vote reached 93.8%. On the other hand, in Gangnam-gu, Nonhyeon 1-dong and Yeoksam 1-dong, where there are many residences for young people such as villas and studios, the power of the people was in the 60% range. This is the background of the analysis that the public sentiment caused by the regulation of expensive apartments was not leading the confusion phenomenon. The power of the people attacked the ruling party's real estate regulations during the election process and emphasized rapid redevelopment and reconstruction. It is pointed out that the preference of the conservative party in the high-priced apartment area is not unique to this election, as it appeared in the last general election, when the passport won a lot. The opposition's great victory should be seen as a result of dissatisfaction with the real estate policy and the consolidation of the middle and conservative groups according to the theory of government judgment. Candidate Park slightly beat Mayor Oh in only five of the 425 dongs in Seoul (Seongsan 1-dong, Mapo-gu, Hwagok 8-dong, Gangseo-gu, Guro 3-dong, Guro-gu, Hang-dong, Guro-gu, and Changsin 2-dong, Jongno-gu). Professor Cho Jin-man of Duksung Women's University said, Gangnam 3 districts are a strong source of conservatives and interests such as taxes are strongly reflected. While doing so, the majority of the middle and shamans came to the polls,” he explained. Some interpreted that the attitude of the passport, which drove the Gangnam area as real estate abuse, also had an effect on the background of Ivan's public sentiment in the Gangnam area. If speculation is a problem, Hyung Hyung Hyung, head of Hangil Research, said, If speculation is a problem, we can catch speculators and solve them, but they were angry after leaving progress and conservatives because they took advantage of the mechanism that takes the responsibility of the Gangnam people. , The backlash against being driven by enemy obstruction is great.