The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has officially announced that it has found possible blood clots related to the AstraZeneca (AZ) Corona19 vaccine and platelet reduction. The possibility of a setback in South Korea's second-quarter vaccination plan, which accounts for 67 percent of the AZ vaccine volume, cannot be ruled out. We have found a link between the AZ vaccine and rare blood clots that are accompanied by platelet reduction, including cerebral sinus thrombosis (CVST), and we have considered all available evidence, the EMA said in a video briefing on the 7th (local time). The government announced on the same day that it will delay the vaccination of special education, childcare, health teachers and nursing staff, disabled facilities, elderly nursing families, tuberculosis and Hansen residential facilities, homeless facilities, correctional facilities, and AZ vaccinations. The government has also suspended vaccinations for people under 60 who are currently receiving the AZ vaccine. A total of 180,000 people have been suspended or postponed. The government will soon decide whether to restrict vaccination of AZ after discussing with the Corona Vaccination Committee. The Central Quarantine Countermeasures Headquarters said 668 new Korona19 confirmed cases as of midnight. The figure is the largest in 89 days since January 8, when the third pandemic began to stabilize. By region, 63.2 percent of the metropolitan area and 36.8 percent of the non-metropolitan area are clearly spreading nationwide. The quarantine authorities said, There is a growing possibility that the fourth trend will begin in earnest. Experts said, The fourth trend has already begun. Kang Se-sik, a professor of infectious diseases at Gachon University's Gil Hospital, said, The spread tax has begun to increase with more than 300 people confirmed every day, so there is a possibility that the average confirmed person will be more and last longer. The physical (social) distance setting stage (2nd stage in the Seoul metropolitan area and 1.5th stage in the non-metropolitan area excluding some cities) seems inevitable from next week. The number of confirmed daily average regional development, a key indicator of adjustment of the distance setting stage, was 523.7 in the past week, which has already surpassed the standard of 2.5 steps (more than 400 to 500 people nationwide).