The European Medicines Agency (EMA) officially announced that AstraZeneca (AZ) COVID-19 vaccine and blood clots associated with platelet reduction have been discovered. The possibility that the domestic second quarter vaccination plan, which amounts to 67% of AZ vaccines, will be disrupted cannot be ruled out. In a video briefing on the 7th (local time), EMA said, We found a link between the AZ vaccine and rare blood clots with platelet reduction, such as cerebral sinus thrombosis (CVST), and considered all available evidence. The government plans to start on the 8th, special education, childcare, health teachers and daycare workers, facilities for the handicapped to begin on the 9th, homes for elderly care, tuberculosis and Hansen residents, homeless facilities, correctional facilities, and AZ vaccines for workers admitted to and from He announced that he would postpone vaccination. Vaccinations to those under the age of 60 who are currently receiving the AZ vaccine were also withheld. The total number of people whose vaccination has been withheld or postponed is 180,000. The government will soon decide whether to restrict AZ vaccination through discussions by the Corona Vaccination Expert Committee. The Central Defense Response Headquarters announced that as of 0 o'clock on the day, there were 668 new cases of Corona 19. This is the highest level in 89 days since the 3rd pandemic began to stabilize on January 8th (674 people). By region, the nationwide spread is clear with 63.2% in the metropolitan area and 36.8% in the non-metropolitan area. The quarantine authorities said, The possibility of the 4th outbreak in earnest is gradually increasing. Experts said, The 4th epidemic has already begun. Joong-sik Um, a professor of infectious medicine at Gachon University Gil Hospital, said, Since the spread has started to increase with more than 300 confirmed every day, there is a possibility that the average number of confirmed cases will come out and last longer. The physical (social) distancing stage (currently the second stage in the metropolitan area, 1.5 stages in the non-metropolitan area excluding some cities) seems inevitable from next week. The number of confirmed daily average regional outbreaks, which is a key indicator of the adjustment of the distance-taking stage, was 523.7 in the last week, which has already exceeded the standard of 2.5 stage (over 400-500 nationwide, etc.).